changelog: update and regularize changelog entries (#6594)
tendermint/tendermint: UPGRADING.md

* CLI commands and flags are all now hyphen-case instead of snake_case.
  Make sure to adjust any scripts that calls a cli command with snake_casing

### API Changes

The p2p layer was reimplemented as part of the 0.35 release cycle, and
all reactors were refactored. As part of that work these
implementations moved into the `internal` package and are no longer
considered part of the public Go API of tendermint. Accordingly, the

> space `node` package was changed to reduce access to tendermint

Reviewer: What parts of the api should teams know about. If you look below we do mention how something's change, if we do not then its explained in the change log. I would prefer to keep the same structure as before, then pass it onto the compiler.

* CLI commands and flags are all now hyphen-case instead of snake_case.
  Make sure to adjust any scripts that calls a cli command with snake_casing

### API Changes

The p2p layer was reimplemented as part of the 0.35 release cycle, and
all reactors were refactored. As part of that work these
implementations moved into the `internal` package and are no longer
considered part of the public Go API of tendermint. These packages
are:

- `p2p`
- `mempool`
- `consensus`
- `statesync`
- `blockchain`
- `evidence`

Accordingly, the space `node` package was changed to reduce access to
tendermint internals: applications that use tendermint as a library
will need to change to accommodate these changes. Most notably:

- The `Node` type has become internal, and all constructors return a
  `service.Service` implementation.

> - The `node.DefaultNewNode` and `node.NewNode` constructorsare no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `node.DefaultNewNode` and `node.NewNode` constructors are no
```
